Docs issue #3173 (#3315)
Codecademy/docs: content/lua/concepts/tables/terms/remove/remove.md

---
Title: 'Remove()'
Description: 'Removes a value from an array.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Game Development'
Tags:
  - 'Tables'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-lua'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.remove()`** function in Lua that removes the value of the specified index and clears the index from the Array (reducing the length of the table by 1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.remove()`** function in Lua removes the value of the specified index and clears the index from the table (reducing the length of the table by 1).
```

## Syntax

```lua
table.remove(tableName,pos)
```

The `.remove()` function attempts to remove the element at the `pos` position from the table. This causes other elements to shift down to close the space, if necessary.

> This function returns the value that we remove from the table. The `pos` parameter has a default value of `n`, which is the length of the table. This causes the last element of the table to be removed if the `pos` parameter is not provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function returns the value that was removed from the table. The `pos` parameter has a default value of `n`, which is the length of the table. This causes the last element of the table to be removed if the `pos` parameter is not provided.
```
We avoid first- and second-person pronouns from Docs.

> ## Example

Reviewer: I'd like to see the following changes to the example section:
- Move the description/explanation before the code prefaced with something like "In the following example..."
- Have the print statement(s) inside the first code block.
- Have it print the contents of the modified table as well as the removed item.
- Instead of a comment in the code, place the output in it's own ` ```shell` block after the code as follows:

````
This example results in the following output:

```shell
Output from example
```
````

---

> Title: 'Remove()'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Title: 'remove()'
```

> Description: 'Removes a value from an array.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Removes a value from a table.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Game Development'
Tags:
  - 'Tables'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-lua'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.remove()`** function in Lua removes the value of the specified index and clears the index from the table (reducing the length of the table by 1).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`remove()`** function in Lua removes the value of the specified index and clears the index from the table (reducing the length of the table by 1).
```

## Syntax

> ```lua

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

table.remove(tableName,pos)

> ```

Reviewer 2: add an empty line after the block

> `.remove()` returns the value that was removed from the `tableName`. The `pos` parameter has a default value of `n`, which is the length of the table. This causes the last element of the table to be removed if the `pos` parameter is not provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`remove()` returns the value that was removed from the `tableName`. The `pos` parameter has a default value of `n`, which is the length of the table. This causes the last element of the table to be removed if the `pos` parameter is not provided.
```

## Example

> In the following example `.remove()` function attempts to remove the element at the `pos` position from the table. This causes other elements to shift down to close the space, if necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the following example `remove()` is used to remove the element at the `pos` position from the table. This causes other elements to shift down.
```
